## Leadership Team 02/22
### 22 February 2016 / 7:00 AM / [The Sparrows](http://www.thesparrowsgr.com) 


### ATTENDEES
Allen Clark, Traci Montgomery, Jean Hanks
### AGENDA
**Last Meeting Follow-up**
- Strategic Planning process. 

**New Business**
- Tentative 2016 Budget
- CodeAcross, March 5-6. Participate??
- Don’t believe that we have time to organize an event by March 5-6.
	- Jean to investigate alternatives

### NOTES

**Strategic Plan.**
- Create open Slack channels that correspond to the major areas of Strategic Plan. These channels will permit communities of interest to form and address the specific goals outlined in the 2016 Strategic plan.
**Jean’s Ideas**
- Jean suggested using Hootsuite several years ago. 
- Need platform for testing/building of projects.
- Review Bill Fischer’s marketing recommendations by Q1.

**Budget**. Proposed line items. 
- Technology
- Swag: Discussion was had about the process to charge for items and if it the sale of swag can be a fundraising activity.
- Food & beverage: majority of expense is from hack nights.
- Event: Difficult to estimate without any currently planned events.
- Supplies: have as line item, but lower than the draft budget
- Marketing: Does social media tools like Hootsuite go in Marketing or technology?

### ACTION ITEMS
1. **Budget** items to research
	- Liability insurance of venue (allen-The Factory)
	- Assign dollar amounts 
	- Check with CfA regarding ability to edit budget format they have provided (allen)
		- does expensify reflect the budget items?
2. **Provide outline of meeting notices & dates cadence** (jean)
3. **Create Slack Channels for focus areas of Strategic Plan** (allen)
4. **Speaker ideas** (jean)
	- will create spreadsheet 
  
### NEXT LEADERSHIP TEAM’S AGENDA
Will be provided by Friday prior to meeting. (March 4)

